# Inherit
One of the major benefits of object-oriented programming is the reuse of code, and one of the ways to implement this reuse is through inheritance mechanisms. Inheritance can be understood as a relation between classes and subtype relationships.
Suppose you want to write a program to keep records of school teachers and students. They have some common attributes, such as names, ages, and addresses. They also have proprietary attributes such as teacher salaries, courses and vacations, student achievement and tuition.
You can create two separate classes for teachers and students to handle them, but to do so, if you want to add a new common attributes, means the attributes have increased in these two separate classes. This will soon become impractical.
A better approach is to create a common class called SchoolMember, and then let the class of teachers and students inherit this common class. That is, they are all subtypes of this type (class), and then we add proprietary attributes to these subtypes.
There are many advantages to using this method. If we add / change any function in SchoolMember, it automatically reflects into the subtype. For example, if you want to add a new ID domain to both the teacher and the student, you simply add it to the SchoolMember class. However, changes made in a subtype do not affect other subtypes. Another advantage is that you can use both teachers and student objects as SchoolMember objects, which are especially useful on some occasions, such as counting the number of members of a school. A child type can be replaced by a parent type in any case where a parent type is required, that is, an object can be considered an instance of a parent class, a phenomenon known as polymorphism.
In addition, we'll find that when you reuse the code for the parent class, we don't need to duplicate it in different classes. And if we use separate classes, we'll have to do that.
In the above case, the SchoolMember class is referred to as the base class or superclass. The Teacher and Student classes are called export classes or subclasses.
To use inheritance, we use the name of the base class as a tuple followed by the class name that defines the class. Then, we notice that the basic class of __init__ methods specifically use self variable calls, so that we can initialize the basic class section of the object. This is important at one ten - Python doesn't automatically call the constructor of the base class, so you have to call it yourself.
We also observed that we prefix the method call with the class name prefix, and then pass the self variables and other arguments to it.
Note that when we use the tell method of the SchoolMember class, we take the instances of Teacher and Student just as instances of SchoolMember.
Also, in this example, we call the tell method of the subtype rather than the tell method of the SchoolMember class. You can see that Python always finds the method of the corresponding type first, in this example. If it cannot find the corresponding method in the export class, it begins to search one by one in the base class. The base class is specified in tuples when class definitions are used.
Note of a term - if more than one class is listed in an inherited tuple, it is called multiple inheritance.
